Fixing the architect's finding — move copy-error block above the readiness checklist, and add the optional setPromptCopied(false) reset.


2 actions
Now remove the duplicate copy-error block below the readiness checklist, polish the prompt-copy failure path, then re-run typecheck and tests.


7 actions
All architect findings resolved and the full e2e test plan now passes end-to-end. Here's the final state of the hardening pass:

1. Theme tokens — already in place from prior pass (verified still working in test step 22).

2. Export buttons on Active Huddle — all three present:

copy-prompt ("Copy Prompt") — already existed; now also clears copyError on success and resets promptCopied on failure
copy-directive ("Copy Directive") — already existed; now wired to error state
copy-huddle-json ("Copy Huddle JSON") — new, replaces the old promote-obsidian stub. Exports { schema: "jayhawk.huddle.v1", exportedAt: <ISO>, huddle: <full Huddle> } as pretty JSON. No schema rewrite — wraps the existing Huddle type.
3. App footer — new data-testid="app-footer" block sits as the last sibling inside the outer flex column (header → scrollable body → dispatch-controls → footer), so layout is unchanged. Three lines:

"Jayhawk Replit UX Reference"
"local only · not canonical memory"
"v0.1 candidate · 2026-05-03" (data-testid="app-version")
4. Empty / error states:

"Select at least one target." in selected-targets-summary when no chips active
"No Huddles yet." in huddles-panel-empty (was "No recent Huddles yet.")
data-testid="copy-error" transient banner ("Copy failed — clipboard unavailable.") rendered above the readiness checklist in the dispatch-controls bar, shared by all three copy actions, auto-dismisses after 2.4s, and is cleared on any successful copy
5. Checks:

pnpm --filter @workspace/sidecar exec tsc --noEmit → clean
e2e test plan via the testing skill → success, including the explicit DOM-order check that copy-error precedes readiness-checklist, the simulated clipboard-failure path, auto-dismiss, and theme toggling preserving the footer
Constraints honored: no backend, no Obsidian (stub removed in favor of the JSON export), no automation, no extension hooks, no schema rewrites. Compact sidebar style preserved — the footer is 9px text, three short lines, separated only by a divider.

The Replit Jayhawk app is now stable and self-contained as the UX reference for future Codex/Claude Code integration work.